the match can be controlled integrate with the ball as well as the
Barcelona
motivated by the lack of support for sovereignty and is not the next if it continues
third hike
and it's a chubutense team today still does not know what his people can do
what are you saying let's see if he was working for the big season
which seems so encouraging to win the situation here
added that besides the gold medal I do not believe that this court for the change
of model can only be advanced as one of the clearances can be created
feeling that we were ahead because they feared the bernabéu
When I had Spanish with ten players, I felt that I was
girls but that more and more that moment
I ask you abyc when you saw Christian and higuain invent without
move of the year came to imagine what it is that has followed the game by
television and by different radios and in every trial was my motegi valdoncina di
Mary
only in that prolonged shootout left all the bernabéu
could not imagine up that's why it changed and only public area of
bernabéu we have added to our part what you want to see your team play
football
not close a ben ali match they organize
the one that was stuck in which only takes into account that they were
supporting long and clarified by a lot that what you think that yes that
it's fine for the bread there has not been a single brick daniel ogando
older but that is not what I want to come to Granada the pro to the idea
to see his team win by playing well football and not playing with arbeloa with
khedira that has done a four-engine there where it is not a unitary position a
wall and please to Spanish
at home against ten
that I had to justify seeing your weight from the public treasury of bernabéu pérez
duvergé what it has done to close parties and crosses those of above would not have it
die added barboza makeup
the ts agreed the past sando
what is going to happen badly and that he does not play to treatments for what he has
permanently supported his lack of play because he has a lot of punch and because
It has a lot of quality we are to give to a loyal lover edgar the animals that
prohibit standing two goals was not serious
today he will see them with a low camera other values ​​had heard a lot about
beg and add may have crossed over a supposed relationship between
you would not have called attention to the subject until you had
time so soon not because they want to know anything about the party like me and the
rumors that they handle
marcelo polino language and I want the viewer to be in that preparation and
now I want portfolio shift while the position of treasurer of the union
European obviously you can not see the atmosphere
my granddaughter of the Oriolan poet that equals 17 is using language more are you
you
because nuance that I tell milongas
I have never believed in the plane
the best author is lie I love you back in the chest in it when
decerega local coalition to defend it is that I corretional nation
wide and 12 of them in fact is to say that every time you do not tell you sometimes
come with the death applies but I did not know why you say I said
that there is going to be a good play in a big no minute of game in the
that there are the radios has managed to stop the feet to which he said that
it costs a thousand hours like that got amy
if you want me to justify that my tire was writing one of the
establishments throughout the golden valley where the qianlong emperor forget the
work of rondo achieved viaduct leonor we started to see
I did not like it, the gayarre will come to validate the current as
they were disguised affiliated with neither wants to dedicate words from the fair of
Albacete which has not disappeared from our rights because practically
whole
the - the time it took to get here takes advantage of it
but berbatov or not from padrenda peredo household chores now that I'm going to
go see it - I can not know all terrain and the alfaro being the novelty
rossi say port
Today, I think that the bull but the country but the best thing is that we should not
Go to football
it's not that I said it lets say when it's not true united I think your granite
that this day would come to sue Maria puga places millions of beings
I have already said that it seems that you like Madrid what I said no
seems the most appropriate of the mother herself is going to play in colon although there will be
manifestations that he was liking madrid
and I was struck by the fact that you liked real madrid
justification only for those who speak that you do not know will not be cut healthy
but I
I do not know antimadridista
yoshio I try to make a journalistic criticism and because I work in that
point has been real Madrid because for me Real Madrid may be better than him
the most important team in the world
and that if he does not have a millionaire investment to play well at
football
and he has to demand that if the millionaires had a day they were not
can demand madrid as a little more uglier spanish as a mason pri but not
it is the most noriega rolled team in the world to finish alone from my point
of sight imputes ita journalistic I demand him as it is as the team more
important in the world I have made a millionaire investment to play well at
football that's why criticize madrid has yielded and alter randomly but I'm not
bar is said of none of them for eight years that you sectioned it from the same as
milo candle to demand from the great what it does have as what they are great
this real madrid and his vote is possible that those of the class of the vega real
madrid since if you have like the biggest team in the world clear when
Florentino Perez was president that is
a millionaire in a team must result must be demanded euro
results that if he wants me to play football well I want to imagine what
that he must beat Real Madrid tomorrow but the first thing is to win the area of
madrid is winning or not I think they do not prolong what the ranchers of the
canary only wants to win or win at home ascended in favor of those of
true that prison for many years if it will be the reference that
Armemos a barcelona or zaragoza
is what you want to see the madrigal always
also indicated in several areas of the northwest what was said at the beginning of Madrid
will win games like this
50 this year
what he plays
so it was not much higher than the one that misses the dividend higher than
sound sweeping and then get off barahona matches do nothing
that's why my relatives in the holocaust but if I want or nothing better than to win
to put an end to this if I do not think that today modern football will be
there is no match won because it has a tremendous quality because
They are far superior to Spanish
already a lot of forecasting equipment in the morning what could operator between
the former Juarez of 1 2 3
for now